{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Here is a step-by-step guide for writing effective cold emails to potential VNTANA customers using the key points from Chris Orlob's video:\
\
Introduction\
\
1. Start with a short, evocative subject line that speaks to the prospect's pain points or desired outcomes. For example:\
\
- "Reduce 3D production time by 90%" \
\
- "Boost online sales with 3D product models"\
\
2. Begin the email with a relevant, personalized opening sentence. Research the prospect on LinkedIn to find something specific you can mention to show familiarity. For example: \
\
"Hi [Name], looks like you're expanding your digital presence across platforms like mobile, web, and social media."\
\
Agitate the Pain \
\
3. After a personalized opening, describe the prospect's problem in a way that really resonates. Articulate their challenges better than they could. For example:\
\
"[Name], as an eCommerce leader navigating digital transformation, you know firsthand how tough it is to create high quality 3D assets at the speed and scale needed to stay competitive." \
\
4. Make it clear this is a "lose-lose" situation. Getting one desired outcome means sacrificing something else they want. For example:\
\
"It's a constant struggle between quality and quantity. You either sacrifice speed by manually optimizing 3D files, or sacrifice quality by rushing lower res 3D content to market."\
\
Paint the Future State\
\
5. Describe how VNTANA has helped similar customers achieve success. Don't talk features, talk outcomes. For example:  \
\
"We've helped brands like Hugo Boss and Adidas automatically optimize thousands of 3D product files, reducing production time by 90%. This enabled them to quickly scale 3D across platforms, increasing conversion rates."\
\
Call-to-Action\
\
6. End with a simple call to action to continue the conversation. Don't ask directly for a meeting yet. For example:\
\
"Is it worth a quick chat to discuss optimizing your 3D workflow and content?"\
\
Keep it short, concise, and focused on their perspective. This template works because it shows you understand their challenges and have successfully helped companies like them. Let me know if you need any clarification or have additional questions!}