{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 VNTANA is moving to a usage based pricing model. The aim of the new model is to provide teams an easier entry point for testing different use cases in 3D and AR and allow them to defer a larger investment until they've proven the ROI that their assets can generate.\
\
Here's how it works:\
 \'95 Brands can upload as many assets as they like and add as many users as they like and they will not be charged anything so long as the model is in the "draft" state. Users will still be able to see the optimized model in our viewer and add annotations and comments for collaboration for free. However, they will not be able to download the model or share it with anyone who isn't a user with access to their organization.\
 \'95 Brands are only charged when a model is "activated." The price is $5 per active model per month.\
 \'95 Activating a model means that the model is available outside of VNTANA via our embed links, iFrame, and API. A model must be in the "active" state to be downloaded locally.\
 \'95 Here are some examples of why you would need a model to be "Active."\
   \'95 You want to:\
     \'95 Download the optimized version of the model.\
     \'95 Publish a 3D model to Amazon (this is a one-time push).\
     \'95 Access the models via API for internal use or to distribute elsewhere\
     \'95 Publish a 3D model to Google. Google requires you to have an active embed link that they can reference so the model must stay "active" for as long as you'd like the model to appear in 3D on Google search.\
     \'95 Publishing to eCommerce.\
 \'95 You are free to deactivate models at any time and you are billed only for the calendar month that the model is active in.\
 \'95 We offer discounts for annual commitments as well as volume. I've included a more detailed pricing breakdown for the brands that will be using this at scale. We also offer enterprise support packages that are included in that sheet.}