{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 Product Benefits:\
\
3D DAM\
\
Benefits:\
\
Efficient 3D & AR Management: VNTANA's 3D DAM allows for easy storage, management, and distribution of 3D designs and AR experiences at scale, streamlining the process from design to sales and marketing.\
\
Optimization & Conversion: The platform's patented algorithms automatically optimize and convert 3D models to meet web, mobile, and social media standards, enabling their use across various platforms including eCommerce, Snapchat, Facebook, Instagram, Unity, Unreal, and more.\
\
Collaboration & Visualization: VNTANA's 3D DAM supports team collaboration on 3D models with features like model annotation, user tagging, and comment resolution. It also allows for secure access and visualization of the 3D version of models.\
\
Integration & Scalability: Built on microservices, the platform scales infinitely and integrates seamlessly with existing platforms through a robust API. It also offers integrations with industry-leading PLMs, e-commerce platforms, and game-engines (Unity & Unreal). Our headless architecture allows you to integrate with existing infrastructure in minutes.\
\
Time & Cost Efficiency: The platform automates the 3D process, saving significant time in production and making the creation of 3D assets for various channels easy and fast. This leads to cost savings and accelerates digital transformation.\
\
\
Product:\
\
Intelligent Optimization\'99 \
\
Benefits:\
\
Automated 3D File Compression: VNTANA's Intelligent Optimization\'99 algorithms automatically optimize your 3D files by up to 99%, preserving ultra-high visual quality. This fully automated optimizer ensures the shape and fidelity of your 3D file is always maintained.\
\
Necessity of 3D Optimization: Optimizing 3D models is crucial for creating AR and web-based 3D experiences. VNTANA's automated 3D optimization tool eliminates the need for designers to spend hours manually optimizing each asset, making the process more efficient and effective.\
\
Intelligent Optimization for Maximum Quality: The optimizer prioritizes areas of higher detail while optimizing safer areas of the asset. It performs "atomic decimation," looking at each individual edge of a polygon to determine how safe it is before collapsing it. It also employs normal baking and small feature baking, converting detailed geometry into a simple plane with a normal map and diffuse map baked in.\
\
Texture Optimization and Asset Sanitization: In addition to decimating assets, VNTANA's Intelligent Optimization\'99 also optimizes textures and sanitizes assets to ensure they are as lightweight as possible. It fixes flipped normals, incorrect polygon windings, removes degenerate polygons, and extraneous metadata. It also resizes textures to hit a target texel density and merges materials for the highest quality look with the fewest number of draw calls.\
\
Customizable Optimization Engine: The platform allows for the creation of optimization presets, enabling anyone on your team to optimize their 3D assets according to your specifications. It can optimize for channels such as eCommerce, Google, Meta, Snapchat, Amazon, Spatial.io, Augmented Reality, and more. The 3D optimizer has over 40 different flags to customize the 3D optimization pipeline to get the perfect output file for your needs and preferences.\
\
Time & Cost Efficiency: VNTANA's Intelligent Optimization\'99 saves significant time in production by automating the process of preparing and optimizing thousands of assets for multiple platforms. This leads to cost savings and accelerates digital transformation.\
\
\
Product:\
3D Web Viewer\
\
Benefits:\
\
1.3D & AR Product Showcasing: VNTANA allows you to bring your products to life with 3D & Augmented Reality built for commerce. The 3D model viewer can be used on any site and includes built-in AR capabilities that work across all modern devices.\
\
 Ease of Use: Similar to how Vimeo is used for videos, simply upload a 3D model and VNTANA instantly creates an optimized, sharable 3D version with built-in AR capabilities. You can easily embed this on your website or e-commerce store, or use the QR code to allow customers to place the product right in their physical space using their smartphone or tablet.\
\
 Asset Customization: VNTANA allows you to customize your assets to get the perfect look. You can choose your background, adjust lighting and shadows, choose the start position when it first loads, re-size models to ensure they appear true-to-size in AR, and capture 2D images and conduct virtual photoshoots from any angle.\
\
4. Interactive Hotspots: With VNTANA, you can add interactive hotspots to highlight product information. Simply drop a pin and add text, images or videos to create these hotspots that enhance your product\'92s story and call attention to important details of a product that will inspire your customers to purchase. \
\
These features make VNTANA a powerful tool for showcasing your products in 3D and AR, enhancing customer engagement and ultimately driving sales.}