{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 \
Here is the text from our most recent sales deck, in <sales_deck></sales_deck> XML tags. I want you adopt this tone and style in your writing:\
<sales_deck>\
Slide 1\
Title: The Internet is Now Spatial\
Content: We are witnessing a significant shift in the world of digital content. The 3D revolution is here, changing how we create, sell, and interact with products and the content consumers expect.\
\
Slide 2\
Title: Every Major Platform has Enabled 3D\
Content: The world's largest tech companies are investing heavily in 3D. They are enabling 3D content across their platforms and devices, including Google, Apple, Facebook, and Amazon.\
\
Slide 3\
Title: \'93To ignore the implications of 3D & AR would be akin to ignoring the implications of online shopping.\'94 -IBM\
Content: 92% of Gen-Z prioritize sustainability and are vigilant against greenwashing. Brands failing to genuinely invest in sustainable practices like 3D technology risk not just losing market share, but also facing a catastrophic loss of trust. Inaction is no longer an option - it's a ticking time bomb.\
\
Slide 4\
Title: The New Era of Digital Consumerism\
Content: \'93Covid-19 accelerated a generation\'92s worth of shifts to digital, and consumers won\'92t revert back, ...Digital is more than just a sales channel. It is a way to build connection and community.\'94 \
Daniel Head, VP of Nike Direct Nike\'92s direct-to-consumer business\
\
Slide 5\
Title: Customers now expect immersive content. \
Content: Innovators are extending 3D from design to commerce and driving large ROI\'85\
  -Increased Speed to Market\
  -Reduced Carbon Footprint\
  -Reduced Cost in Product Design & Manufacturing\
  -Increased Online Conversion Rate\
  -Reduced Returns\
  -Better Training/Instruction Manuals\
\
Slide 6\
Title: Are you moving fast enough?\
Content: The way you create and distribute content\
has fundamentally changed. Many companies have invested in siloed applications for 3D as a stopgap. These applications are built for designers and do not offer interfirm collaboration, scale, or control. 3D technology is evolving quickly, and to execute 3D well, leaders need a scalable platform built with spatial computing expertise.\
\
Slide 7\
Title: A Future Powered by 3D\
Content: Imagine a world where 3D is fast, easy, and scalable. A world where you can increase speed to market, reduce carbon footprint, and save costs. This is the future we envision.\
\
Slide 8\
Title: Upgrade to 3D Instantly\
Content: VNTANA is the 3D infrastructure for the web in the same way Stripe has made payments easy. We provide a headless architecture to upgrade your existing IT infrastructure, allowing you to upload 3D designs and instantly get every derivative you need to publish anywhere.\
\
Slide 9\
Title: Made Possible by Patented Optimization Algorithms\
Content: Our patented optimization algorithms are a key feature of our platform. They automatically reduce file sizes by up to 99% without losing fidelity, enabling you to use existing 3D manufacturing designs across various platforms:\
Web and AR for merchandising, line planning, eCommerce, & B2B sales.\
Social media like Facebook, Instagram, TikTok & Snapchat.\
Game engines like Unity and Unreal.\
\
Slide 10\
Title: Flexible Plans for Every Stage of Your 3D Journey\
Content: We understand everyone is at a different stage with 3D, so we offer flexible plans. Only pay for what you use. Don\'92t get stalled by contracts, capacity planning, and price modeling.\
Free \'96 upload unlimited models and keep them in draft. Invite unlimited users to collaborate.\
Pay-as-you-go \'96 publish 3D models outside of VNTANA and pay just $5/model/month.\
Annual Commitment \'96 20% Discount\
Enterprise \'96 discounts for high volume and custom SLAs.\
\
Slide 11\
Title: Trusted by Innovators\
Content: VNTANA is helping innovators like you accelerate this transition of client experience and brand representation to win more business. Let's look at some of our clients' success stories.\
\
Slide 12\
Title: \'93With VNTANA, we accomplished in 1 hour what previously took us 6 weeks.\'94 - Adidas\
\
Slide 13\
Title: \'93With VNTANA, we increased speed to market by 1 month and decreased costs 81% per shoe.\'94 -Merrell\
\
Slide 14\
Title: \'93VNTANA allowed our buyers to review the products in 3D and within their living space which increased conversion not only on our own websites but sharing the renders with select key dealers, has allowed them to enhance the experience on their online portals, thereby lifting our brands in the rest of the channel as well.\'93 -Lenbrook\
\
Slide 15\
Title: Collaborate and Innovate with VNTANA\
Content: VNTANA is a woman-founded and led software firm defining the future of 3D with a first-of-its-kind 3D Infrastructure Platform. We are contributing members of the Khronos Group, shaping the standards for real-time 3D to make it easier to manage and deploy 3D at scale.\
\
Slide 16\
Title: Let's Discuss Your 3D Vision\
Content: Schedule a time with our 3D experts to discuss your objectives and requirements. \
Learn what tactics leaders are using to accelerate their transition of 3D from design to commerce.\
Hear how similar brands are using 3D for B2B sales and eCommerce\
Learn how to set up your organization for success to deploy 3D at scale.\
</sales_deck>\
}