{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 VNTANA Optimization Description\
\
\
Some of the things that make VNTANA's optimization engine special are the ability to automatically stop decimating an asset when we detect that it will distort the look of the asset. Our patented, intelligent optimization algorithm automatically knows when to stop so you're able to run thousands of assets without the worry of ever over, decimating them. Our focus is always on maintaining a super high visual fidelity to the original asset. Additionally our optimization mansion contains over 40 different flags that allow us to create custom pipelines in minutes for your specific use case. For instance, we can preserve individual measures while still optimizing them which allows for things like configuration. Additionally, we are the only solution on the market, they cannot automatically optimize assets that have been animated with skinned, animations, a.k.a. skinned bone animations, as well as simple animations. Another major differentiator of vntana's optimization is the fact that we can handle both soft goods and hard goods. Most optimization methods are targeted towards hard goods. Because of our expertise in the fashion industry, we have been able to optimize, soft goods like apparel, even when the asset is multi layered. Another key feature of the Ventana patented, intelligent optimization engine is our ability to remove obstructed geometry from an asset. We can remove individual polygons, not just measures from a 3-D asset. This can drastically reduce the total poly count in an asset without affecting the look at all. Additionally, vntana has developed an algorithm to automatically bake ambient occlusion maps into 3-D files that do not have them. This is particularly useful for apparel assets as Clo and Browzwear do not export GLB models that have ambient occlusion in them. Ambient occlusion maps greatly enhance the realism of an asset by adding small shadows to things like folds. Finally, VNTANA's optimization engine is controlled by a function called ModelOps which is anis an efficient tool that streamlines the process of optimizing and converting 3D assets. It functions as an umbrella for various scripts and provides an interface that makes it easy for users to select and perform tasks on these assets. We also automatically convert all 3D files into a GLB, a game-engine ready FBX file, and a USDZ.}